Why did you come here?
I'm fine.
Dragon City Token
See Pei Ru See People
Nandou enters the break
Longcheng Tongling
Where did you get the jade pendant this time?
You also know the jade pendant this time
This is not something you should have
Ah, it was the head of the Zhang family who defused the crisis for us
Hey
Mr. Zhang, please answer
We met in the imperial capital 10 years ago
Recently, Dragon City has been in a special period
There are a few mice stirring up the wind and rain everywhere
This time you helped Lu Xiao
Longcheng owes the Zhang family a favor
This mission is special
I hope that the Zhang family head will use Lu Xiao's confidential identity
What did the old man say to you?
Grandpa, how dare you call me that?
Such noble words
I've called him that since I was a kid
What's so strange about that since I was a kid?
That's his grandfather.
Didn't you need to say it on the phone just now?